c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\SocialShares.dll.config
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\SocialShares.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\SocialShares.pdb
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\System.IO.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\obj\Debug\SocialShares.csproj.App.config
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\obj\Debug\SocialShares.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\obj\Debug\SocialShares.dll
c:\users\toshiba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\obj\Debug\SocialShares.pdb
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\TOSHIBA\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SocialShares\SocialShares\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
